{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Engine building, maintenance, repair, plumbing too and other things. \
\
So the components of the future need to be backwards compatible and cross compatible with all the engines ever built. By folding and changing the shape of the contact points this can be done and then the whole thing has to optimize its shape per engine.\
\
robots can build and repair motors using multiple small retractible and foldable tracks. one track needs 100 folds or more so that the robot can reach into any point in an engine and 3d print, solder, or plug in wires, or perform any task the engine needs done without having to physically remove any components. \
\
need to repair and fill tires on the spot, and perhaps even recycle tires on the spot by melting them down, adding some metal, rope, and plastic cloth and some new rubber and creating a brand new tire out of the old one and then filling it with air. \
\
it should be able to fix hydraulics, steering, shocks, and align tires on the fly and on the road, so maybe you\'92ll have to build some strong metallic plates and some fold out things to lift the car off the ground depending on what needs to be done. \
\
I need this for jet skis too and boats because if i get lost and broken down in the ocean, i need to repair anything on my boat whether it\'92s sinking, there\'92s an electrical fire, or what. \
\
and engines of the future, and backwards compatible parts should lock into place via magnets and magnetic dowelling rods, and simple doweling rods, nothing in the motor should try and twist my arm. }